Master Hu, Mr. Hu has a strange disease
It was fine yesterday
I have a strange disease today
Don't you check your body every week?
Mr. Hu, he has been waiting for this disease for a long time
The former couple is very long
Not onset
No one can see it.
You look livid
Dried meat floss
Dark eyes
laxity
Yintang black
You are seriously ill
Zombies are in danger
Boy, are you looking for death?
Dare to curse my father is intolerable to lose
Hahaha I am a doctor
I can't be wrong about people.
And I can tell you
No tomorrow
You will be sick as expected
Is there really nothing you can do?
There's nothing I can do.
Master Hu, didn't you also invite several experts?
They don't know what to do.
It seems that this time
Mr. Wu is really in danger
Go away yes yes